I'm the colonel
I'm from Japan I was born and raised in
Takayama just a very small town in Japan
and started my career in Ibaraki working
for the restaurant also named as kisaku
I really like the name the restaurant I
used to work for in Japan so I asked
them to use their name as my restaurant
basically means easygoing Frank you know
down earth yeah that's what I want
miso soup is the it's a soup widely
serve in Japan pretty much with any kind
of meal like I usually eat with my
breakfast and almost any any kind of
dinner combination lunch combination
it's basically it's a family food you
know it's a home cooking so if you eat
three times at home it's definitely have
three times a day any reason any
household a different style so as long
as you you know make them drop part
correctly you can just do whatever you
want after that
you know you actually start the water
with kombu in it and then you want to
follow the water with the kombu first
kombu actually contains a lot of the
amino acid to give you a depth of the
flavor that the body dough itself
doesn't give you so adding a kombu in it
it gets a little bit more body under
suit when you see enough kombu coverage
flavor in a broth to add bonito in it
and immediately turn the heat really
weak otherwise you boil it with the out
you know with the high heat a long time
but it'll give you a little bit of the
kind of bitterness that's just basically
you know out of the Japanese food you
cook on most of the food with dashi so
you cook visible you cook with dashi
you make soup you make with - you it's
kind of you know soup base piece of the
future it has some vegetable tofu or
sort of some sort of the vegetable
protein plus has no fat we usually serve
it very simple basically the wakame
seaweed scallion and tofu but you know
you can do a whole bunch of other stuff
like my kids really like the potato miso
soup at my home so when we do it we cook
the potato first make a soup and put the
potato in there so you know the rate
depends whatever you want to put in it
so you simmer it with the low heat while
you rest of the process now you have
some miss Elaina to the flavor you want
but you have to be careful like you know
me so sometimes missile is not
completely dissolved when you taste it
and after all that you know check
missiles get this all but get saltier so
it gotta be careful usually when I do it
what I stop before it completely there
because you know I'm dissolved me so
it's going to be eventually dissolved in
the suit yeah then yeah for lunch for
dinner steamed rice miso soup and one or
two vegetable dishes said so beetle soup
is a huge part of our meal anytime